In Climate Watch, the National Oceanic
and Atmospheric Administration has
released its State of the Climate report
for August.
The data shows that this summer was more
than two degrees above normal, making it
one of the warmest ever on record.
The report also found the amount of
climate disasters that occurred in the
United States this summer was abnormal.
For more, I want to bring in CBS News
Meteorologist and Climate Specialist,
Jeff Berardelli.
Jeff, the report says this summer is tied
with a Dust Bowl summer of 1936.
How significant is that?
Very significant.
That was an extraordinarily hot summer
and it was man -made.
The reason why it was so hot was caused
by humans.
Farmers had gotten rid of all the native
grass because a lot of the farmers that
were moving into that area during that
time didn't have a lot of experience farming.
So they wiped out all the native grass
and just left dirt behind.
And that dirt would absorb a lot of the
sun's rays and really, really heat it up.
And also, it created tremendous dust
storms, which in many cases were deadly
dust storms.